Headless opencv (#182)
Deepomatic/deepocli: README.md

```

If you need rpc support, prefer:
```bash
# requires deeomatic-rpc package to be installed
pip install deepomatic-cli[rpc]
```

# FAQ

> > OpenCV build takes forever

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## `opencv-python` installation takes forever
```

> Depending on your pip version, it might rebuild it from source. We recommend upgrading pip to 20.x.

Reviewer: `opencv-python` requires `pip>=19.3` (https://github.com/skvark/opencv-python#installation-and-usage), I tested it in docker python:3.6 and it worked well.

> Depending on your pip version, it might rebuild it from source. We require upgrading pip to >= 19.3.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Depending on your pip version, it might rebuild it from source. 19.3 is the minimum supported version
- Check version with `pip -V`
- Update with `pip install 'pip>=19.3'`
```

> > Window output doesn't work. I get a cv2.error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Window output doesn't work. I get a `cv2.error`.
```

> Deepocli ships with `opencv-python-headless` as most of the features don't need a GUI.
> This also avoid to require libGL to be installed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`deepomatic-cli` ships with `opencv-python-headless` as most of the features don't need a GUI.
This also avoids requiring libGL on the system (it is for example usually not there in docker containers).
```
